c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\PassingValueApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\PassingValueApp.dll
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\PassingValueApp.pdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\PassingValueApp.PassingValueApp.apk
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\PassingValueApp.PassingValueApp-Signed.apk
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\PassingValueApp.dll
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\PassingValueApp.pdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\android\bin\PassingValueApp.PassingValueApp.apk
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\activitytransitionlayout.xml
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\activitytransittedto.xml
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\layout1.xml
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\layout2.xml
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\layout3.xml
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\layout4.xml
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\layout5.xml
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\layoutcalcsc1.xml
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\layouttobetransmittedto2.xml
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\listviewtemplate.xml
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\ic_accessibility_black_24dp.png
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img1.png
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img2.png
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img3.png
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img4.png
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img5.jpg
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img6.png
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\img7.png
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\PassingValueApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\PassingValueApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
C:\Users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\calcsc2.xml
C:\Users\magdyhafez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\ic_weekend_black_24dp.png
C:\Users\magdyhafez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\obj\Debug\PassingValueApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\magdyhafez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PassingValueApp\PassingValueApp\bin\Debug\PassingValueApp.dll.mdb
