c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\bin\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.dll
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\bin\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.pdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\obj\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\obj\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\obj\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\obj\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.Page1_SimpleListView.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\obj\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.dll
c:\users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\obj\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.pdb
C:\Users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\obj\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.Page2_ViewToViewBinding.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\obj\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.Page3_BackwardViewBinding.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\obj\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.Page3_TimeDateBinding.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\obj\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.Page4_My_binding.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\magdyhafez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\obj\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.Page5_SharedResources.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\magdyhafez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\obj\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.dll.mdb
C:\Users\magdyhafez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\ListViewAndDataBinding\bin\Debug\ListViewAndDataBinding.dll.mdb
